Enemy ideas:
    Sickened: begin with poison and a die face that removes poison at the cost of health.
    Frozen: begin with large amounts of frozen.
    Slumbering: begin with weaken.
    Injured: begin with wound.

    Could probably have a modifier for just about any of the buffs/debuffs in the game.
    
    Also having enemies that are particularly vulnerable to certain builds could be interesting as long as they don't become meta-defining. The idea is that running into one of them would be a nice surprise, while running into one without the right build would be just another fight.

    Enemies can also showcase certain intended builds, such as an enemy that stacks strength/wound with multi-hit attacks, one that builds up burn, then purges it for added effect.

    Boss ideas:
        RNGeesus -- random value, random effect, random target, gains a random buff each turn
        Dragon -- burninating the countryside

Interesting interaction ideas:
    Regen on enemy -> channel regen -> apply debuff. If the regen can only be applied to an enemy, the value would start higher, allowing the channel to become stronger much more quickly.

Design musings:
    Die values and effects could be decoupled for interesting effect, though I don't think I'm going for that here.
    How are new characters unlocked? Meta currency? Recruitment event locations? Quest to build their dice? Super upgrade? Perhaps you can sacrifice a die/character during a run, then unlock that die for future runs if you complete the run?

New character unlocks:
    Defult characters are unlocked on successful runs.
    Custom characters are unlocked by removing them from the party before fighting the final boss.

Balance thoughts:
    If Evasion is too weak, could let it reduce the rate of Hidden loss. Something like 1/(n+Evasion) stacks being lost instead of always 1/n
    How much damage should crits do? Double? Base + Hide stacks? Double + removed Hide stacks? Base * (2 + 0.1*removed Hide stacks)? Should Strength be applied at the end to encourage crit builds to be their own thing?
    
End of round effect order:
    Doomed
    Burning & Regen (Total effect applied once, so burning 10 + regen 7 would simply lose 3 health)
    Reset Haste/Luck costs
    Remove block (TODO: does fortify preserve some leftover block?)
    Decrement buffs/debuffs

Difficulty setting: 
    Easy - d4s
    Normal - d6s
    Hard - d8s
    Showoff - d10s
    Excessive - d12s
    Why - d20s
    Doesn't necessarily need to have all of these settings, and this is a bit of a far-future sort of thing anyway.
